Add support for Comments after Line Continuations new in VB 16. (#14247)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/program-structure/how-to-break-and-combine-statements-in-code.md

  
### To break a single statement into multiple lines  
  

> -   Use the line-continuation character, which is an underscore (`_`), at the point at which you want the line to break. The underscore must be immediately preceded by a space and immediately followed by a line terminator (carriage return) or starting with language version 16 a comment is allowed after a line continuation..  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Use the line-continuation character, which is an underscore (`_`), at the point at which you want the line to break. The underscore must be immediately preceded by a space and immediately followed by a line terminator (carriage return) or (starting with version 16.0) a comment followed by a carriage return. 
```
